whats up youtube this is linked and i'm
doing a quick review on two of my
laptops well it's more like a comparison
i'm comparing them i originally had the
17j 184 and r which is this one right
here it's a bigger screen on this one
obviously because this is the new HP
envy 15 c is the g0t 95 AV model
basically specs are the same i just
decided to get this one so i can take it
on the go it does feel a little it feels
more fragile than this one right here
but build is pretty much the same it's
like this one is lighter of course not
only because it's a 15-inch model but it
let's see if you can see this on the
Newell models they actually changed this
a piece right here which I'm not too
happy about I mean they added a rubber I
guess to prevent scratches or whatever
or slamming it breaking screen or
whatever rather than this one right here
I mean I like this part that the fact
that it feels more sturdy on this rather
than you know this one has a gap in
between it and it just feels like a toy
sometimes it feels like it's just going
to break on me um they did upgrade the
sea okay they upgraded the the pad
basically they added something called
control zone which is I guess the new
thing but uh I really don't see a reason
why using it rather than this one right
here um it is bigger this this one feels
about is probably about five inches
rather than just a standard little one
um but yeah basically this has a shove
you can see it but it has a line here in
the line hand I guess you can control
different things multimedia things they
did move to a fingerprint scanner to the
left side rather than the right side
which I'm not too crazy about for the
simple fact is I am right handed and I'm
used to just you know if I want unlock
my computer to scan my finger with that
one rather than that um as far as the
bill go um both of course I have like a
Luminum case here but on the top and
both are plastic though this one does
feel more like it's gonna break compared
to this one yeah um but both computers I
got him like I said I'd they both the
same specs um what I'm gonna do is I'm
going to try it out I haven't had a
chance to try it out I just got out of
work and I just got it right now I
didn't unpack and we review but I
haven't loaded it up yet because the
healthy camera for some reason that's
been acting up and i can't access the
card so i'm just using my backup camera
now um both have back like keyboards I
intel i7 15.6 this is a 17 obviously
this is 14 gigs ddr3 one terabyte of
5400rpm highbreed hard drive same thing
with this one uh i believe the battery
is a little bigger on it well it's
actually smaller the batteries buds it's
very thin compared to this one but this
one last is longer than this one I
believe this is a standard about four or
five hours this one gives me about six
to eight hours um one thing that I did
like about this laptop is i'm going to
show you this right here okay so this is
the power brick for the HP 17 and this
one is for the 15-inch i like that they
actually made it smaller because now we
actually feels portable rather than
having a big-ass break the size of a VCR
in your backpack if you got to take it
on to go um like I said I haven't been
able to I really have
used it so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna try imma try it out as soon as i
get out of work tomorrow and i can give
you guys an update on it but yeah let me
know if you got any questions and I can
answer I will do with my bus and holla
at me my name is lanes and I'm out